Welcome back.
This is just a quick video on our last term that you might hear a lot in functional programming.
And that is pretty and charity.
It simply means the number of arguments a function takes.
That's it.
If we look at composed function well it has an equity of 2.
If we look at multiply by three it has an equity of 1.
Nothing too difficult right.
But why my teaching you this.
Because in functional programming although this isn't a solid rule it usually is a good practice and
a good idea that a fewer number of parameters there are in a function.
The easier it is to use that function.
Why is that well.
Because you can do more interesting things and makes functions more flexible.
We can use things like curry or we can use functions in something like compose and pipe and compose
these functions together.
The more parameters a function has the harder it is to really compose it with other function.
It doesn't mean it's impossible but it does become a little bit more difficult.
So when it comes to charity there's no hard right or wrong.
However as a personal preference I like to stick to one or two parameters when it comes to functions.
Because if you're using a functional programming paradigm it does help make your function more reusable.
All right.
Nice and short one for charity.
I'll see you in the next one.
Bye bye.